Addition of the `webextensions.api.tabGroups` documentation (#39370)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/tabgroups/tabgroup/index.md

---
title: tabGroups.tabGroup
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/tabGroups/tabGroup
page-type: webextension-api-type

> browser-compat: webextensions.api.tabGroups.tabGroup

Reviewer: Good catch!

---

{{AddonSidebar}}

The state of a tab group.

## Type

> An {{jsxref("object")}} with these properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values of this type are objects that can contain these properties:
```

Almost everything is an object, it's strange to call this out specifically. Here is a phrase that is also used in a few other APIs:
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/tabs/Tab
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/cookies/Cookie
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/windows/Window

- `collapsed`

>   - : A {{jsxref("boolean")}} indicating whether the tab group is collapsed or expanded in the tab strip.

Reviewer: All of the properties here deviate from how we usually document properties in the extension API. Can you look over this file (and the whole patch in general) to make sure that we're consistently using the same style?

Like this:

```suggestion
  - : `boolean`. Whether the tab group is collapsed or expanded in the tab strip.
```

- `color`
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("tabGroups.Color")}}. The name of the user-selected color for the tab group's label and icons.
- `id`

>   - : `integer` The unique ID of the tab group. Contains the {{WebExtAPIRef("tabGroups.TAB_GROUP_ID_NONE")}} value when the tab isn't in a tab group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `integer`. The unique ID of the tab group. Cannot be {{WebExtAPIRef("tabGroups.TAB_GROUP_ID_NONE")}}. The ID of a closed tab group may be reused if a tab group is restored, but this is not guaranteed by the API. To identify tab groups across browser restarts, look at its other properties and/or the tabs within the tab groups.
```

- Added dot.
- Dropped incorrect statement about TAB_GROUP_ID_NONE.
- Added note on the uniqueness of group ID.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : `integer`. The unique ID of the tab group. Can't be {{WebExtAPIRef("tabGroups.TAB_GROUP_ID_NONE")}}. The ID of a closed tab group may be reused when a tab group is restored, but this isn't guaranteed by the API. To identify tab groups across browser restarts, look at other properties and the tabs within the tab groups.
```
